We interrupted the current program broadcast emergency news
Download it from P2P, mom
Quickly send files to block P2P downloads before dark today
P2P download is being blocked by the SARFT
They won BTChina!
These terrible news
File - issued!
Download speed is oscillating
The forum is a gossip
This page cannot be displayed!
All netizens noticed that they immediately gave up the BT download immediately after receiving instructions from the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television.
They don't let us BT download!
What about my American drama!
what is this?
Radio and television files! ! !
Turn underground IP~ fast!
What a terrible sight
Grass mud horse! It is also the SARFT that owes *!
COME ON~ It's time to fight back!
Brothers, open up!
The otaku and the rotten girl are ready!
The otaku rotten girl has other orders!
All proxy servers are open to support you.
When the "This page cannot be displayed" appears, change it!
Here is the end of the world, understand!
Did you hear that? Open!
Here is Baidu Post Bar, received!
The forum is upset...
There is also Emule...
The reason why I was sent by radio and television was to kill illegal P2P downloads!
VeryCD seems to have a chance, although it has already been put on the top
You must avoid the limelight first, stop it for the time being.
However, why?
They will be under the file!
Is the VeryCD really going to reopen?
good news! VeryCD heroes decided to open this afternoon!
With us, I don't believe that there are still P2P illegal download sites to dare to confront our Radio and Television Invincible Directorate!
Netizens! Today we want to recapture P2P network sharing!
Feel free to open!
I stared at him, the VeryCD!
The attitude of radio and television is really fast!
Open service! VeryCD!
VeryCD opened!
Hello, everyone P2P network sharing website...
I don't know about this sharing or piracy...
However, I still have a season of GOSSIP GIRLS not downloaded...
Baidu Holy Beast also decided to support us urgently!
Radio and television said P2P download is pirated!
What kind of plane! We are sharing on the web!
What are they fart...
In addition, half of the female netizens are waiting for the return of the next episode of GOSSIP GIRLS!
No one can stop P2P downloads, even if the central direct file is not working!
I know this is dangerous...
However, really... it’s time to try Thunder!
Recapture P2P network sharing!
For the anime, movies and American dramas you love!
For the hope of netizens!
For the hope of P2P!
For our better tomorrow!
Go and download with P2P...
Although P2P is not very safe
But at least we haven’t put Emule in it yet....
Even in the long night of darkness, the dawn of dawn will come...